core-java-modules/core-java-string-operations-2/README.md, before:

## Java String Operations

This module contains articles about string operations.

### Relevant Articles:
- [Concatenating Strings In Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-strings-concatenation)
- [Checking for Empty or Blank Strings in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-blank-empty-strings)
- [String Initialization in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-string-initialization)
- [String toLowerCase and toUpperCase Methods in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-string-convert-case)
- [Java String equalsIgnoreCase()](https://www.baeldung.com/java-string-equalsignorecase)
- [Case-Insensitive String Matching in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-case-insensitive-string-matching)
- [L-Trim and R-Trim Alternatives in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-trim-alternatives)
- [Java Convert PDF to Base64](https://www.baeldung.com/java-convert-pdf-to-base64)
- [Encode a String to UTF-8 in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-string-encode-utf-8)
- More articles: [[<-- prev]](../core-java-string-operations)

Commit message:

JAVA-1522 Split core-java-modules/core-java module
Former-commit-id: aece4e521698bc3471366c8880d1a2c9372f0fce

core-java-modules/core-java-string-operations-2/README.md, after:

## Java String Operations

This module contains articles about string operations.

### Relevant Articles:
- [Concatenating Strings In Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-strings-concatenation)
- [Checking for Empty or Blank Strings in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-blank-empty-strings)
- [String Initialization in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-string-initialization)
- [String toLowerCase and toUpperCase Methods in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-string-convert-case)
- [Java String equalsIgnoreCase()](https://www.baeldung.com/java-string-equalsignorecase)
- [Case-Insensitive String Matching in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-case-insensitive-string-matching)
- [L-Trim and R-Trim Alternatives in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-trim-alternatives)
- [Java Convert PDF to Base64](https://www.baeldung.com/java-convert-pdf-to-base64)
- [Encode a String to UTF-8 in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-string-encode-utf-8)
- [Guide to Character Encoding](https://www.baeldung.com/java-char-encoding)
- [Convert Hex to ASCII in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-convert-hex-to-ascii) #remove additional readme file
- More articles: [[<-- prev]](../core-java-string-operations)
