spring-resttemplate/README.md, before:

## Spring RestTemplate

This module contains articles about Spring RestTemplate

### The Course
The "REST With Spring" Classes: http://bit.ly/restwithspring

### Relevant Articles:
- [The Guide to RestTemplate](https://www.baeldung.com/rest-template)
- [Exploring the Spring Boot TestRestTemplate](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-boot-testresttemplate)
- [Spring RestTemplate Error Handling](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-rest-template-error-handling)
- [Configure a RestTemplate with RestTemplateBuilder](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-rest-template-builder)
- [Mocking a RestTemplate in Spring](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-mock-rest-template)
- [RestTemplate Post Request with JSON](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-resttemplate-post-json)
- [Download a Large File Through a Spring RestTemplate](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-resttemplate-download-large-file)
- [Using the Spring RestTemplate Interceptor](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-rest-template-interceptor)
- [Uploading MultipartFile with Spring RestTemplate](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-rest-template-multipart-upload)
- [Get and Post Lists of Objects with RestTemplate](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-rest-template-list)
- [Copy of RestTemplate Post Request with JSON](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-resttemplate-post-json-test)

### NOTE:

This module is closed and should **not** be used to store the code
for any further articles.

Commit message:

[BAEL-18367] Moving articles from rest-spring-** pt 4
Former-commit-id: 9f9362d458025c9fd88342e574fc044d1aaef2a2

spring-resttemplate/README.md, after:

## Spring RestTemplate

This module contains articles about Spring RestTemplate

### The Course
The "REST With Spring" Classes: http://bit.ly/restwithspring

### Relevant Articles:
- [The Guide to RestTemplate](https://www.baeldung.com/rest-template)
- [Exploring the Spring Boot TestRestTemplate](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-boot-testresttemplate)
- [Spring RestTemplate Error Handling](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-rest-template-error-handling)
- [Configure a RestTemplate with RestTemplateBuilder](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-rest-template-builder)
- [Mocking a RestTemplate in Spring](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-mock-rest-template)
- [RestTemplate Post Request with JSON](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-resttemplate-post-json)
- [Download a Large File Through a Spring RestTemplate](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-resttemplate-download-large-file)
- [Using the Spring RestTemplate Interceptor](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-rest-template-interceptor)
- [Uploading MultipartFile with Spring RestTemplate](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-rest-template-multipart-upload)
- [Get and Post Lists of Objects with RestTemplate](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-rest-template-list)
- [Copy of RestTemplate Post Request with JSON](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-resttemplate-post-json-test)
- [HTTP PUT vs HTTP PATCH in a REST API](https://www.baeldung.com/http-put-patch-difference-spring) 
- [A Custom Media Type for a Spring REST API](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-rest-custom-media-type)
- [Download an Image or a File with Spring MVC](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-controller-return-image-file)

### NOTE:

This module is closed and should **not** be used to store the code
for any further articles.
